he was going on YouTube djk coming at
you with another video this video is for
Matt over on Facebook he had a question
about my latency settings for scratching
with the tractor controller my latency
settings is at 384 that's what is it for
the overall latency summer demonstrated
with it being set at that with the with
the deck off right now
hopefully the mic is not sounding
distorted cuz I got this going through
my Canon t3i camera which I'm using now
for some of the videos that I'm doing
since I bought this thing I'm gonna try
to use the camera my HD camcorder so
yeah just demonstrated little scratching
with the put the dick off and then I
will cut it on
so you can hear it sounds pretty good
isn't that perfect it's not like a
record but it sounds better than they
did before so now I'm gonna put the
camera on the screen so you can see
where my latency settings are on this on
tractor right now in the audio settings
so we'll go to that right now
so as you can see my latency settings
are set it latency it said at 384 right
now sometimes I put it on 512 but 384
right now
that's the latency settings I got it on
for scratching if you cut it up higher
you know it's gonna sound like total
crap you know that and this up higher
than that then it's gonna sound if the
scratches are gonna be all off so I was
just messing with it just play with it a
little bit but I think the lord of
latency is the better the scratching
will sound so with that being said I'll
see you guys on the next video
d JK is out